
					  Template-Solution Design Document


	1.	Solution - Given solution here is in a step by step manner.
	
		step 1:- Dataset Creation
			 . Upload the given sample data on AWS S3 in a folder named "input-data".
	
		step 2:- Data Cleaning
			 . Perform data cleaning for the following datasets: 'Patients', 'Subscriber', 'Claims', 'Group_subgroup'.
			 . Check for null values in the dataset.
			 . Count the total null values for each column.
			 . Replace null values for specific columns by 'NA'.
			 . Check for duplicate records, and if found, drop duplicates.
	
		step 3:- Upload Cleaned Data to Redshift
			 . Upload cleaned data corresponding to each dataset into a Redshift table.
			 . Create a schema design document for target tables.
	
		step 4:- Result on Redshift
			 . Create a separate Redshift table for each use case output in a Redshift schema named 'Project-Output'.
			
	2.	Use Cases – 
		1) Which disease has a maximum number of claims.
		2) Find those Subscribers having age less than 30 and they subscribe any subgroup
		3) Find out which group has maximum subgroups.
		4) Find out hospital which serve most number of patients
		5) Find out which subgroups subscribe most number of times
		6) Find out total number of claims which were rejected
		7) From where most claims are coming (city)
		8) Which groups of policies subscriber subscribe mostly Government or private
		9) Average monthly premium subscriber pay to insurance company.
		10)Find out Which group is most profitable
		11)List all the patients below age of 18 who admit for cancer
		12)List patients who have cashless insurance and have total charges greater than or equal for Rs. 50,000.
		13)List female patients over the age of 40 that have undergone knee surgery in the past year
		
	3.	Database Design - 
		    a.	Tables Metadata Info with Pk/FK relationship - 
			. Patients table with PatientID as PK.
			. Subscriber table with SubscriberID as PK, linked to Patients.
			. Claims table with ClaimID as PK, linked to Subscriber.
			. Group_subgroup table with GroupID as PK.
	
	
	4.	Technologies and Platforms to be used in this solution -
			. AWS S3 for data storage.
			. AWS Redshift for the data warehouse.
			. Databricks for data processing using PySpark.
			. AWS EMR Studio for development and testing.
			. GitHub for version control.
			. Jira for project management.
